hey guys guess what I'm definitely
starting other channels and I haven't
thought of all the names are probably to
do it because Google's a Panza but with
how to create new channels I'm not sure
if you're aware of that but it's a pain
and Lee but look I'm going to create a
makeup channel I'm not going to just do
them at the end of my videos I'm going
to created a makeup channel venting
channel right like my emotional channel
where you guys won't see that here you
guys will always be happy
so these channels will be like my
alternate channels that if you want to
see these things you can see those
things but you
those things if you don't want to see
those things and I'm also going to have
a video response channel because I love
making video responses but I don't like
doing them for my channel my name
channel just because I don't know I'll
do it occasionally but I don't really
like to it's nighttime you're tired
to sleep but anyway anyway do my eyes
are glowing
I don't know I can't tell
come with us really strange I was having
a moment with myself but one thing I
need to ask you guys since I like to ask
you guys thing
if you're watching this video all the
way through you'll be able to get the
question I want to know
do you love
farm animals
and if you do love farm animals which
type of farm animal do you love and you
can make it crazy well if you could come
up with some random type of farm animal
like a goat cat I don't know I don't
knows there are goat cats around anyway
maybe you have when my favorite farm
animal would have to be cows because I
think they're so hilarious
but yeah let me know in the comments
below
hello okay all right bye you guys I've
got to go from tired
and I'm going to not go to sleep yet so
yeah
just to keep the play home tired
can you see me
okay that wasn't creepy at all that
wasn't creepy at all
because some zombie-like
sorry that's I'm gonna go
about three minutes yes it's time to go
that's nice
and I got a text message I need to go
answer that is comment below my brush
only I also like this video if you like
it or dislike it if you hate it but give
it a rainy love you know what you think